feat(ner): add ner module for drug extraction (#35)
opentargets/OnToma: README.md

OnToma supports the mapping of two kinds of entities: labels (e.g. `brachydactyly`) and ids (e.g. `OMIM:112500`).

> OnToma includes a NER (**Named Entity Recognition**) module for extracting clean entity names from raw text labels. This is useful when your data contains dosages, drug forms, or other text that needs preprocessing. To use NER features, see [NER Module Documentation](src/ontoma/ner/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OnToma includes a NER (**Named Entity Recognition**) module for extracting clean entity names from raw text labels. This is useful when your data contains labels that need preprocessing. Currently, this feature is available for drugs and diseases. To use NER features, see [NER Module Documentation](src/ontoma/ner/README.md).
```

)
```

> ## Using NER for preprocessing (drugs)

Reviewer: I'd suggest only leaving these two lines and the user can go find the rest of the information in the module documentation. Otherwise you could also mention the disease label pre-processing here.
```
## Using NER for preprocessing

See [NER Module Documentation](src/ontoma/ner/README.md) for more details.
```

    cache_dir = "path/to/cache/dir"
)
```

## Development

### Running Tests

Install development dependencies:

```bash
uv sync --dev
```

Run all tests:

```bash
uv run pytest
```

Skip slow tests (e.g., NER tests that download large models):

```bash
uv run pytest -m "not slow"
```

> See [tests/README.md](tests/README.md) for more details.

Reviewer: There is no such file anymore?
